Add documentation for Sensirion SCD30 CO2 sensors (#333)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/sensor/scd30.rst

SCD30 CO<sub>2</sub>, Temperature and Relative Humidty Sensor
=============================================================

.. seo::

>     :description: Instructions for setting up SCD30 CO<sub>2</sub> Temperature and Relative Humidty Sensor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: Instructions for setting up SCD30 CO₂ Temperature and Relative Humidty Sensor
```

sphinx will probably scape the <sub> here, use unicode instead to avoid the issue.

Author: I've replaced the tagged subs with the unicode symbol.
